ADOBE DOCUMENT CLOUD READER
(‚ÄúAgreement‚Äù). You must not use the Software if: (a) you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement;
Software (as defined below), you accept all the terms and conditions of this Software License Agreement
this Agreement is enforceable against you and any entity that obtained the Software and on whose behalf it is used.
0. Third-Party Offerings might not be available in all languages or to residents of all countries, and Adobe or the third party may
y1. Restrictions and Requirements. Service Bureau Prohibition. You will not use or offer the Software on a service bureau basis. Sec
ction 11 provides a limited exception for font software only
2. No Sublicensing or Transfer. You will not rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign, or transfer your rights in the Software, or aut
thorize any portion of the Software to be copied onto another individual or legal entity‚Äôs Computer except as may be expressly
y permitted herei
3. Survival. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Software may cease to operate without prior notice. Your ind
demnification obligations, Adobe‚Äôs warranty disclaimers or limitations of liabilities, intellectual property ownership, privac
cy, termination, export rules, governing law and dispute resolution provisions, and general provisions as stated in this Agreeme
ent will survive. The survival of these provisions will not create or imply any continued right to access and use the Software a
after termination of the Agreem
4. Server Use and Distribution. This Agreement does not permit you to install or Use the Software on a server, nor does it grant yo
ou the right to sublicense or distribute the Software. For more information about obtaining such rights, please visit http://www
w.adobe.com/go/acrobat_distribut
5. Termination. You and Adobe will each have the right to terminate this Agreement for any reason upon providing at least 30 days‚Ä
Äô prior written notice. Effective upon termination, you will immediately cease your use of the Software and will destroy (at Ad
dobe‚Äôs request) your copy of the Software. All licenses granted to you by Adobe will immediately cease upon terminatio
6. Export Rules: Trade Sanctions and Export Control. The Software, and your use of the Software, is subject to laws, restrictions, 
 and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions that (A) govern the import, export, and use of the Software; and (
(B) may prohibit us from providing the Software to you without notice. By using the Software, you agree to comply with all such 
 laws, restrictions, and regulations, and you warrant that you are not prohibited from receiving the Software by the laws of any
y jurisdict
7. Except for German or Austrian consumers, Section 14 (Limitation of Liability) still applies. You are advised to take all reasona
able measures to avoid and reduce damages, in particular by making a backup copy of the Software and backup copies of your data
8. Miscellaneous. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of you and Adobe relating to the subject matte
er and supersedes all earlier agreements, understandings, proposals, discussions, negotiations, representations and warranties, 
 both written and oral, regarding the subject matte
9. Connectivity. Automatic Connections to the Internet. The Software may cause your Computer, without notice, to automatically conn
nect to the Internet and to communicate with an Adobe website or Adobe domain for purposes such as providing you with additional
l information, features, or functionality (such as Adobe Online Services
10. Third-Party Offerings. Third-Party Offerings. The Software may allow you to access and interoperate with third-party content, so
oftware applications, and data services (‚ÄúThird-Party Offerings‚Äù). Your access to and use of any Third-Party Offering, inclu
uding any goods, services, information, or Digital Certificates, is governed by the terms and conditions respecting such offerin
ngs and by applicable law. Third-Party Offerings are not owned or provided by Adobe. You agree that you will not use any such Th
hird-Party Offerings in violation of applicable laws, including copyright laws of the United States or other countries. Adobe or
r the third party may at any time, for any reason, modify or discontinue the availability of any Third-Party Offerings. Adobe do
oes not control, endorse, or accept responsibility for Third-Party Offerings. Any dealings between you and any third party in co
onnection with any Third-Party Offerings, including such party‚Äôs privacy policies and use of your personal information, delive
ery of and payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such 
 dealings, are solely between you and the third party. As an example, before relying upon any certified document, digital signat
ture, or certificate authority, you should review the applicable terms and conditions, such as any subscriber agreements, relyin
ng party agreements, certificate policies, and practice 
11. No Modification or Reverse Engineering. You will not modify, port, adapt, translate, or create derivative works based upon the S
Software in any way. You will not reverse-engineer (including but not limited to monitoring or tracking the inputs and outputs f
flowing through a system to an application in order to recreate that system), decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to di
iscover the source code, data representations or underlying algorithms, processes, methods, or any other portion of the Software
e. If the laws of your jurisdiction give you the right to decompile the Software to obtain information necessary to render the l
licensed portions of the Software interoperable with other software, you must first request such information from Adobe. Adobe m
may, in Adobe‚Äôs discretion, either provide such information to you or impose reasonable conditions, including a reasonable fee
e, on your decompilation of the Software to ensure that Adobe and Adobe‚Äôs suppliers‚Äô proprietary rights in the Software are 
 protected. In addition, only you or someone else entitled to use a copy of the Software on your behalf may perform the decompil
lation. Any information supplied by Adobe or obtained by you, as permitted hereunder, may only be used by you for the purpose de
escribed herein and may not be disclosed to any third party or used to create any software which is substantially similar to the
e expression of the Software or used for any other act which infringes Adobe or its licensors‚Äô
12. ‚ÄúComputer‚Äù means a virtual machine or physical electronic device that accepts information in digital or similar form and man
nipulates it for a specific result based on a sequence of instructions, including without limitation desktop computers, laptops,
, tablets, mobile devices, telecommunication devices, Internet-connected devices, and hardware products capable of operating a w
wide variety of productivity, entertainment, or other software applications, that conforms to the system requirements of the Sof
ftware as specified in the Documentat
13. Integration Restrictions. You will not integrate or use the Software with any other software, plugin, or enhancement that provid
des PDF capabilities that are only available with a paid Acrobat or Adobe membership or license key, unless we provide or expres
ssly authorize the integration. Notwithstanding this Section 3.3, you may integrate or use the Software with any plug-in that is
s provided by or previously approved by Ado
14. As an exception to the above, the fonts listed at http://www.adobe.com/go/restricted_fonts are included with the Software only f
for purposes of operation of the Software user interface and not for inclusion within any output files. The listed fonts are not
t licensed under this Section 11.1.3. You may not copy, move, activate or use, or allow any font management tool to copy, move, 
 activate or use, the listed fonts in or with any software application, program, or file other than the Softwa
15. Miscellaneous. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of you and Adobe relating to the subject matte
er and supersedes all earlier agreements, understandings, proposals, discussions, negotiations, representations and warranties, 
 both written and oral, regarding the subject matte
16. at any time and for any reason, modify or discontinue the availability of any Third-Party Offerings. Notices
17. Compliance with Licenses. If you are a business or organization, you agree that upon request from Adobe or Adobe‚Äôs authorized 
 representative, you will, within 30 days, fully document and certify that use of the Software at the time of the request is in 
 conformity with the licenses granted herei
18. ‚ÄúSoftware Integration‚Äù means a unique product offering which combines the Software with an additional product, service or pl
lugin
